hello we begin this newsour in Gaza
where Palestinians have broken their
fasts on the first day of Ramadan
Israeli restrictions on food and
Medicine entering the strip has led to
catastrophic levels of hunger in the
South and an imminent famine in the
north well the number of people who've
starved to death has now risen to
25 hindari reports from D bah where
Palestinians who do have access to food
are now forced to break their fasts amid
the
rubble this is how Palestinian families
are spending the first day of Ramadan
having AAR on the rubble of their bombed
houses according to Abu mustafa's family
they told me that this Ramadan was not
very different because they already had
one meal per day since 5 months
thousands of Palestinians are spending
one of the toughest Ramadan in Palestine
and in the Gaza Strip as 30,000
Palestinians have been killed since
October 7 hundreds of families are
separated from beloved ones others have
been killed and others have been also
arrested a very sad Ramadan this year on
the CLE Strip This is hind Al jaaz Dar
bah